- HELLO, DEARS.
- HEY, MARIE.
- HEY.
- OH, DEBRA,
I NEED MY BIG SPOON BACK.
I'M MAKING CAKES.
- OH, SURE.
FOR THE BAKE SALE?
- FOR THE BAKE SALE?
LET'S BE HONEST.
MY CAKES ARE THE BAKE SALE.
- I'M MAKING CUPCAKES THIS YEAR.
- OH, I THINK THAT'S SWEET
YOU'RE TRYING TO HELP.
I WOULDN'T MAKE TOO MANY.
OKAY, THAT'S IT.
I JUST NEEDED MY BIG SPOON.
THANKS.
BACK TO BAKING.
OH, AND I'M GONNA
SEND YOUR FATHER OVER.
OKAY, GOOD-BYE.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
- WHAT?
WHY IS HE COMING OVER HERE?
BECAUSE I HAVE TO CONCENTRATE,
AND I CAN'T HAVE HIM THERE.
- WELL, I DON'T WANT HIM HERE.
YESTERDAY, HE WAS SHOWING THE
KIDS HOW TO BURP OUT A CANDLE.
- THAT'S WHY I WANT HIM OUT.
I'M WORKING WITH FOOD.
IT'S A MATTER OF PUBLIC HEALTH.
OH, PLEASE.
I DO A LOT
OF BABYSITTING FOR YOU.
- YEAH, BUT OUR KIDS
DON'T CURSE AS MUCH.
- ALLY, WHY DON'T YOU GO
TO THE PARK WITH GRANDPA?
- NO, THANKS.
- RAYMOND,
WHY DON'T YOU TAKE HIM
TO ONE OF YOUR SPORTS GAMES?
- I'M NOT TAKING HIM TO ANY
OF MY SPORTS GAMES, OKAY?
BESIDES,
THE ONLY FOOTBALL AROUND
IS HOFSTRA AND NORTHEASTERN.
THEY'RE BOTH 0-7.
IT'S LIKE WATCHIN' THE KIDS
HAVE A TICKLE FIGHT.
- WELL, YOUR FATHER ALREADY
HAS HIS OUTSIDE PANTS ON,
SO I'M SENDING HIM OVER.
- NO!
COME ON, MA.
- HEY, HEY.
WHAT'S SHAKIN', EVERYBODY?
- HEY.
HEY, ROBERT.
WHO DO YOU LIKE
IN THE BIG GAME TODAY?
- WHAT BIG GAME?
- HOFSTRA AND NORTHEASTERN.
WHERE YA BEEN?
TSS...
HUH?
- WHAT'S WITH THAT?
[chuckles]
- I REALLY HAVEN'T BEEN
FOLLOWING HOFSTRA.
- WHAT, ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
THIS IS THEIR YEAR.
AND NORTHEASTERN?
IT'S LIKE
CLASH OF THE TITANS TODAY.
- YEAH?
- YOU WANT TO GO
OR NOT?
- REALLY?
- HE DOESN'T WANT TO GO.
- NO, NO, NO. I'LL GO.
I'LL GO. I WANT TO GO.
- ALL RIGHT.
GOOD.
- OKAY, GREAT.
GO GET DAD AND GO.
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
WAIT.
ME AND DAD?
- THAT'S RIGHT, DEAR.
THERE'S GONNA BE
A BIG TICKLE FIGHT.
- ALL RIGHT, YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF YOU WANT TO BEAT THE TRAFFIC,
YOU BETTER GET GOIN'.
- WELL, WHAT?
YOU'RE NOT COMIN'?
- I WISH. I WISH.
I CAN'T CATCH A BREAK.
I GOT TO WORK ON
THE FRICKIN' BAKE SALE ALL DAY.
WITCHY-POO HAS GOT ME
FROSTING UP THE CUPCAKES
ALL DAY.
- AH, THE PERILS
OF MARRIAGE, HUH?
THAT'S TOO BAD, RAYMOND.
WELL, I'LL BE THINKING
ABOUT YA.
- I'LL BE THINKING ABOUT YOU.
SUCKER!
- WITCHY-POO?
- YEAH.
THAT WAS GREAT.
THE FACE THAT YOU MADE
WHEN I SAID IT,
IT WAS PERFECT, YEAH.
YEAH, JUST LIKE THAT, YEAH.
OKAY, YOU CAN STOP NOW.
- GO WITH DAD TO THE GAME.
WHY DO YOU HATE ME?
- WHAT'S ON YOUR SHIRT?
- NACHO CHEESE.
- MY INTRODUCTION, PLEASE.
- YOU WANT TO SEE
WHAT YOU DID?
- JUST INTRODUCE ME!
- LYNN SWANN, JERRY RICE,
AND NOW FRANK BARONE.
- WHAT,
YOU BOUGHT A FOOTBALL?
- NO BOUGHT--
CAUGHT.
ROBERT.
- HEY, LOOK,
I DID YOUR INTRO, DAD.
I'M DONE.
- HEY, YOU WERE A WITNESS
TO GLORY.
HISTORY DEMANDS
YOUR TESTIMONY.
- WHAT HAPPENED?
- WELL, FIRST OF ALL,
IN SPITE OF THE HYPE,
TODAY'S GAME
WAS NOT A GREAT MATCHUP.
- COME ON, REALLY?
- BUT AT THE END,
THIS KID FROM HOFSTRA
KICKS AN UNBELIEVABLE
FIELD GOAL.
- 68 YARDS.
- 68-YARD FIELD GOAL?
- YEP, THE LONGEST EVER,
COLLEGE OR PRO.
COME ON, ROBERT, TELL IT
LIKE YOU'RE NOT A GELDING.
- WELL, WE HAD SEATS
BEHIND THE END ZONE,
AND DAD GOT LUCKY.
- LUCK IS THE RESIDUE
OF DESIGN.
- WHAT?
- SHUT UP.
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN IT.
IT WAS A ROCKET.
I GOT MY HANDS READY
FOR IT.
- BY DUMPING
HIS NACHOS SOMEWHERE.
- IT CAME TOWARDS ME.
EVERYONE WAS TRYING TO GET
THEIR MITTS ON IT,
BUT I PUT THE MOVES
ON ALL OF THEM.
I JUMPED OVER A GUY.
- YOU PUSHED A KID
OUT OF THE WAY.
- I JUMPED OVER A GUY.
IT WAS COMING IN HIGH.
I HAD TO STRETCH FOR IT.
I COULD GET ONLY ONE HAND ON IT,
BUT THAT WAS ENOUGH.
I BROUGHT THAT LITTLE PIGGY
RIGHT DOWN INTO MY CHEST.
HELLO, LITTLE PIGGY.
- AND THEN HE WENT,
"WHEE-WHEE-WHEE,"
ALL THE WAY HOME.
- IT WAS THE BIGGEST MOMENT EVER
IN HOFSTRA HISTORY,
AND I HAVE IT.
YOU SHOULD HAVE HEARD
THE CROWD CHANTING FOR ME.
- GIVE IT BACK, JERK!
GIVE IT BACK, JERK!
- AND BOOING.
- WAIT, DAD, DAD.
HOFSTRA'S GOT TO WANT
THAT BALL BACK.
- YOU BET YOUR ASS THEY DO.
I HAD TO PUT THE RAZZLE-DAZZLE
ON A COUPLE OF MOOKS
JUST TO GET OUT OF THE STANDS.
- FRANK, THAT'S A RECORD
FOR THE SCHOOL.
YOU KNOW IT'S NOT RIGHT
TO KEEP THAT, DON'T YOU?
- DON'T BOTHER, DEB.
HIS SOUL WAS REMOVED
TO MAKE ROOM FOR MORE STOMACH.
- A FAN
IS SUPPOSED TO DO
WHAT'S BEST
FOR THE TEAM.
- THAT'S WHAT'S SO GREAT
ABOUT THIS--
I'M NOT A FAN.
THOSE KIDS STINK.
EXCEPT FOR THE KICKER.
THANKS, PAL!
- CHARMING, NO?
- HEY, DAD,
I'D GIVE THE BALL BACK.
- THEN IT'S A GOOD THING
YOU DIDN'T CATCH IT.
COME ON, ROBERT.
- WHERE ARE WE GOING?
- TO THE LODGE
TO TELL THE STORY.
YOU GO IN BEFORE ME
AND BUILD ME UP.
I DON'T LIKE TO TOOT
MY OWN HORN.
- NO, NO, I'M NOT COMFORTABLE
WITH THAT.
- OH, YEAH?
HOW WAS LIVING
IN MY HOUSE FOR 40 YEARS?
WAS THAT COMFORTABLE?
- ALL RIGHT.
ALL RIGHT.
- I BELIEVE YOU WERE COMFORTABLE
EATING MY FOOD,
WATCHING MY TV,
WEARING THE SPRINGS
OUT OF MY FURNITURE
WITH YOUR TWO-TON RUMP.
- ALL RIGHT!
- RAYMOND?
TASTE THIS.
- GOOD.
- HOW GOOD?
HOW MUCH WOULD YOU PAY
FOR THIS WHOLE CAKE
AT THE BAKE SALE?
- UH, $10?
- $10?
- ALL RIGHT.
WAIT A MINUTE.
$1,000.
- YOU'RE SUCH A SWEET BOY.
- HOW MUCH WOULD YOU PAY
FOR MY CUPCAKES?
- A MILLION DOLLARS.
- WHERE'S THE RADIO?
WHERE'S THE RADIO?
- WHAT, WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
- I HEARD IT DRIVING OVER.
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT DAD.
- WHO IS?
- THE SPORTS SHOW!
- OH, NO!
- HEY, YOU WANT TO KNOW
WHAT THAT GUY IS?
I'LL TELL YA,
HE'S A JACKASS.
- [gasps]
THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT HIM.
- OH, MAN,
YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN THIS GUY--
BULLDOZES A KID
GETTIN' THE BALL.
THEN HE HIGHTAILS IT
OUT OF THERE WITH SOME BIG GOON.
- HEY, HE WAS MY RIDE!
- THIS IS EMBARRASSING.
IT NEVER ENDS
WITH YOUR FATHER.
- BOY, HOT TOPIC.
LINES ARE LIT UP.
LET'S GO TO FRANK
IN LYNBROOK.
- YEAH, THIS IS THE JACKASS.
I CAUGHT THAT BALL,
AND ANYBODY WHO DOESN'T LIKE IT
CAN KISS ME
BETWEEN THE BACK POCKETS.
- ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
- WAIT A MINUTE.
YOU'RE TELLING US
YOU'RE THE GUY?
- DAMN STRAIGHT.
- AND YOU'RE PROUD
OF WHAT YOU DID?
- YOU BET I AM!
- SO WHAT, YOU THINK
YOU DESERVE THE BALL?
YOU'RE GONNA KEEP IT?
- NO, I'LL GIVE IT BACK...
FOR TEN GRAND.
- WHAT'S WRONG WITH HIM?
WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIM?
- $10,000.
- THE BIDDING STARTS
AT $10,000, YES.
- UNBELIEVABLE.
- SO, DAVE ON LINE ONE,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- WHAT DO I THINK?
I THINK THIS FRANK
DESERVES TO BE KICKED 68 YARDS.
- FINALLY, A VOICE OF REASON.
- FRANK, YOU'RE TELLING ME
RON FERNANDEZ
DOESN'T DESERVE THE BALL?
- WHO THE HELL
IS RON FERNANDEZ?
- THE PLAYER
WHO KICKED THE FIELD GOAL.
- WELL, HIS MONEY'S
AS GOOD AS ANYONE ELSE'S.
- WHY DO YOU LET HIM
USE THE PHONE?
- I GOT AN IDEA--
ALL YOU WHINERS
WHO THINK THIS KID
SHOULD HAVE THE BALL
CAN TAKE UP A COLLECTION
AND SEND IT TO FRANK BARONE,
ENTREPRENEUR.
- OH, NO.
I CAN'T BELIEVE HE SAID THAT!
- I KNOW, "ENTREPRENEUR."
- NO, BARONE!
BARONE!
HE USED
OUR LAST NAME!
- THIS IS GONNA DRIVE DOWN
THE PRICE OF MY CAKES.
- WAIT A MINUTE.
BARONE?
ANY RELATION TO RAY BARONE,
THE SPORTSWRITER?
- NO! NO!
- SURE, HE'S MY SON.
- NOOOOOOOO!
- OH, MY CAKE!
MY CAKE!
- DID YOU HEAR
WHAT HE SAID?
HOW COULD HE SAY THAT?
- OH, THAT EXPLAINS IT.
OH, I HATE THAT GUY'S COLUMN.
HE THINKS HE'S SO FUNNY.
HE BLOWS!
- HEY.
- MAN,
I SHOULD BE TAPING THIS.
- ALL RIGHT, WE GOT TO TAKE
A QUICK BREAK.
FRANK, WE GOT
A WHOLE BUNCH OF CALLERS
WHO WANT TO TALK TO YOU.
CAN YOU STAY WITH US?
- I'D LOVE TO,
BUT I GOT TO HIT THE HEAD,
AND THE CORD
WON'T REACH THAT FAR.
- AND ON THAT LOVELY NOTE,
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- FRANK?
I MADE YOU A SNACK.
- THANK YOU.
- OH, FRANK, HOLD THE SANDWICH
WITH TWO HANDS LIKE A PERSON.
- I'M ALL RIGHT.
- SO, UM...
FRANK, WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE TURN OFF THE TV...
CHI-CHI?
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- WHAT DO YOU THINK
I'M DOING?
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
YOU BEEN DRINKIN'?
- NO!
- HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
- I'M TAKIN' THIS BALL
BACK TO HOFSTRA,
WHERE IT BELONGS.
- YOU FLOOZY!
YOU'RE NOT GOIN' ANYWHERE!
- OH, YES, I AM!
- JUST GIVE ME THAT BALL BACK,
AND NOBODY GETS HURT.
- NOW! NOW!
- OKAY!
HEY, THE DOOR IS LOCKED!
WHAT DID YOU LOCK
THE DOOR FOR?
AH!
- OKAY!
- I'M OPEN, MA!
- LET ME GO!
LET ME GO!
LET ME GO,
YOU WITCHES!
- ROBERT, THROW IT!
ROBERT, THROW IT!
[glass shatters]
- SORRY!
- IDIOT!
[engine turns over]
- HA-HA!
- GET OUT OF HERE, DAD!
- YOU SHOULD LOCK YOUR DOORS.
IT'S A BAD NEIGHBORHOOD.
- HEY, DEB,
I'M REALLY SORRY.
- I MANAGED TO THROW THE BALL
VERY WELL.
- WELL, I THOUGHT RAY WAS
CUTTIN' BACK TOWARD THE WINDOW.
- A CLOSED WINDOW?
- WELL, I COULDN'T TELL
IT WAS CLOSED.
THE GLASS LOOKED VERY CLEAN.
- ALL RIGHT, NOBODY
BELIEVES YOU ANYMORE, ROBERT.
- OH, HEY, LISTEN.
I THINK I GOT SOMETHIN' HERE
THAT'S GONNA TAKE CARE OF DAD.
- ARE THOSE THE PAPERS
TO HAVE HIM COMMITTED?
- YEAH.
HA-HA, VERY FUNNY.
OKAY.
THIS IS MY COLUMN
FOR TOMORROW MORNING.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
LET ME READ IT TO YOU.
IT'LL BE GOOD TO GET
A PERSPECTIVE FROM PEOPLE
WHO READ MY COLUMN EVERY DAY.
OHH.
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
YOU DON'T READ MY COLUMN?
- IT'S JUST THAT
IT'S ALWAYS ABOUT SPORTS.
- WHAT ABOUT YOU?
- I USED TO READ IT A LOT
WHEN WE WERE DATING.
- I GET THE TIMES.
- JUST LISTEN!
"MY FATHER IS THE REASON
I BECAME A SPORTSWRITER.
"GROWING UP, HE TOOK ME
TO EVERY GAME HE COULD,
"TEACHING ME TO APPRECIATE
THE THRILL OF COMPETITION,
"THE GRACE OF ATHLETES,
"AND THE WONDER
OF A PROPERLY TOPPED HOT DOG.
"BUT SADLY, MY FATHER
HAS BECOME A SYMBOL
"OF WHAT IS WRONG
WITH SPORTS TODAY.
"MY FATHER IS FRANK BARONE,
"WHO IS NOW HOLDING A FOOTBALL
FOR RANSOM,
"HOPING TO SQUEEZE OUT
A COUPLE OF DOLLARS
"AND A FEW MINUTES
IN THE LIMELIGHT.
"I SEE NOW
THAT MY FATHER AND I
"NO LONGER SHARE
THE SAME IDEA OF SPORTS
"OR, FOR THAT MATTER, LIFE.
"AND BECAUSE HE'LL NEVER
APOLOGIZE, I'LL DO IT.
"SORRY, RON FERNANDEZ.
SORRY, HOFSTRA UNIVERSITY.
"SORRY, SPORTS FANS EVERYWHERE.
YOU DESERVE BETTER.
WE ALL DO."
SO?
- WOW.
- NOT BAD.
I SHOULD READ YOUR STUFF
MORE OFTEN.
- IT'S BEAUTIFULLY WRITTEN
AND SO HONEST.
- MM-HMM.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
GIVE ME THAT!
YOU JUST SAID
THAT IT WAS GOOD!
- IT'S EXCEPTIONAL,
BUT YOU CAN'T PRINT THAT.
YOU DON'T ATTACK
YOUR FAMILY IN PUBLIC.
- WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
YOU TOOK A SWING AT HIM
AT THE MALL LAST WEEK.
- THAT'S DIFFERENT.
HE WAS DOING SKITS
IN THE LINGERIE STORE.
- ALL RIGHT, MA,
LOOK.
HE HAS TO PUBLISH THIS,
ALL RIGHT?
DAD IS A MENACE,
AND HE'S GOT TO BE STOPPED.
- SEE?
- I'M WITH YOU
ALL THE WAY, BROTHER.
- RAY, YOUR MOM
HAS A POINT.
- OH, MY GOD.
- I MEAN, I JUST DON'T THINK
THIS IS GONNA GET THE BALL BACK.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO,
DRAW UP ANOTHER PLAY
FOR FRAN TARKENTON HERE?
- THIS IS JUST
GONNA MAKE FRANK
DIG HIS HEELS IN
EVEN MORE.
- THINK OF OUR FAMILY,
RAYMOND.
IT'LL ONLY DESTROY
OUR HARMONY.
- HARMONY?
ARE YOU HEARING THIS?
- ARE YOU?
BECAUSE SHE'S RIGHT.
- WHAT?
WHAT HAPPENED TO THIS?
- I STILL GOT IT.
IT'S JUST OVER HERE NOW.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I DON'T CARE WHAT YOU THINK,
ALL RIGHT?
PEOPLE HAVE TO KNOW
THAT I AM NOT LIKE HIM.
- OH, REALLY?
OKAY, 'CAUSE I THOUGHT THIS
WAS ABOUT GETTING THE BALL BACK,
BUT IF YOU JUST WANT
TO CLEAR YOUR NAME,
THEN THIS WILL DO IT.
YOU SHOULD DEFINITELY
PUBLISH IT, THEN.
- DON'T TRY AND PULL
THAT "TELL ME TO DO IT
SO I DON'T DO IT"
FLIPPITY-FLOO, OKAY?
I'M GONNA DO IT.
YOU THINK THIS
IS GONNA STOP ME?
ALL I NEED
IS A PIECE OF TAPE.
NO. I CAN JUST
PRINT IT UP AGAIN.
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I'LL DO.
YEAH.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GONNA MAKE IT EVEN STRONGER.
THERE'S STUFF THAT I LEFT OUT.
THAT'S THE POWER
OF THE PRESS, PEOPLE.
AND DON'T ANY OF YOU
TRY TO STOP ME,
OR I'LL WRITE SOMETHIN'
ABOUT YOU.
- WHAT KIND OF STUFF
YOU THINK HE'D WRITE?
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT,
ROBERT.
- I HAD A SLIGHT
BED-WETTING PROBLEM.
[loud cracking]
- [humming]
- HEY, DAD,
YOU DOWN HERE?
[door slams]
HEY.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT?
- LOOK, I TRIED
A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS
TO GET YOU TO DO
WHAT'S RIGHT, ALL RIGHT?
I WAS EVEN GONNA PUBLISH
AN ARTICLE ABOUT YOU,
BUT SOME PEOPLE THOUGHT
IT WOULD SCREW UP
OUR FAMILY HARMONY.
SO I'M GONNA
TRY SOMETHIN' ELSE.
- FAMILY HARMONY?
- YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
ALL RIGHT, GUYS,
COME ON DOWN.
COME ON.
COME ON DOWN. IT'S OKAY.
- WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
- THIS IS RON FERNANDEZ,
DAD.
- WHO?
- THE GUY WHO KICKED
THE BALL, DAD.
AND THIS IS HIS FATHER.
- OH, JEEZALOO,
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
- GO AHEAD.
- UH, WELL, UH...
MR. BARONE,
THAT WAS REALLY IMPRESSIVE
THE WAY YOU, UH...
CAUGHT THAT BALL.
I THINK THAT WAS
A REALLY GREAT CATCH.
- YOU ARE A REAL
PIECE OF WORK.
- WE CAN'T AFFORD 10,000,
MR. BARONE.
I CAN PAY YOU 500.
PLEASE.
I WANT IT FOR MY SON.
- CAPTAIN HUGGLES?
- KEEP YOUR MONEY.
I DON'T WANT YOUR MONEY.
GOD FORBID
I SHOULD MAKE A BUCK.
BUT LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHIN'.
I KNOW WHAT THIS BALL
IS WORTH,
SO I BETTER NOT SEE YOU
SELLIN' IT.
- NO, SIR.
- I'M SURPRISED YOU DON'T
HAVE THEM HOLDING A PUPPY.
HERE.
- THANK YOU.
THIS IS FOR YOU, DAD.
- WHAT?
NO, IT'S YOURS.
YOU SHOULD HAVE IT.
- NO. YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO GOT ME STARTED, DAD.
I KICKED IT FOR YOU.
GO ON.
- [sighs]
- OKAY?
- THANK YOU, MR. BARONE.
YOU ARE A GENTLEMAN.
- YOU SEE THAT?
- YEAH.
- YOU SEE HOW NICE
THAT KID WAS TO HIS FATHER?
YOU OWE ME TEN GRAND!
[engine turns over]
- IF THE KNICKS ARE EVER GONNA
COMPETE WITH THE LAKERS,
THEY NEED TO BE
BIGGER UP FRONT.
LET'S SEE WHAT YOU ALL
HAVE TO SAY.
ROBERT FROM LYNBROOK.
- UH, YEAH. HEY, GARY.
LONGTIME LISTENER,
FIRST-TIME CALLER.
I JUST WANT TO SAY
I HEARD THAT FRANK BARONE
GAVE THAT BALL BACK,
AND I THINK HE SHOWED
THE TRUE SPIRIT
OF AMERICAN HARMONY.
- WELL, THANK YOU, ROBERT.
I HAPPEN TO AGREE WITH YOU,
BUT WE WERE TALKING
ABOUT THE KNICKS.
- ABSOLUTELY.
ONE MORE THING...
I LIKED WHEN THE GUY SAID,
"RAY BARONE BLOWS."
LET'S HEAR MORE FROM HIM.
[laughs]
RAY BARONE.
- LAUGH IT UP,
PEE-PEE PANTS.